01-initial-specification:
Design a web application that an Human Resources (HR) department could use to
 keep track of employees for a company. It should be designed with United
 States Internal Revenue Service forms, specifically the W-4 form. Information
 should include both the employee's work email and phone, as well as personal
 email and phone. This will only be used by HR members, so no need to limit
 access at this time.


02-usability-improvements:
Feedback from HR users have some useability improvements they would like to
 see implemented in the application:
   1 - Column heading names do not have spaces and are sometimes hard to read.
   2 - ClaimDependantAndOtherCreditsAmount overlaps the value when viewing the
        details of an employee.
   3 - When creating a new employee, Filing Status needs to be input as a
        number. Would be easier to use a dropdown to select the correct values.

03-security:
The business has been growing and there is concern regarding non-HR employees
  having access to sensitive information. A login should be required in order
  to view these records. Registration should only be allowed using work email
  addresses and must be approved by an Administrator. Password requirments
  include the following rules:
    1 - Must be at least 8 characters long.
    2 - Must contain one upper case and one lower case letter.
    3 - Must include one non-alphabetic character.
    4 - Must include one numeric character.

04-security-useability:
Administrators would like to have a way to confirm user accounts without having
  to access the database directly. A page should be added that allows
  registered users confirmation status to be updated. This page should only be
  accessable by users with an Administration role. Normal users should have a
  User role.

05-enhanced-security:
The business would like to open up the employee listing to be available for all
  employees. But, there is a need to limit access to sensitive information.
  Regular Users should be able to view the employee list with only the following
  fields available to view: First Name, Last Name, Work Email, and Work Phone.
  The User role should not have the ability to create, edit, view details, or
  delete an employee record. A new role, called HR is to be created that will
  have full access to the employee listing, along with Create, Edit, Details,
  and Delete actions. Admin users should also retain full access to everything.
  In order to prevent regular users from trying to access forbiden areas, only
  show the Create button and the Edit, Details, and Delete links when the user
  has permission to access those areas.